[Kaptain]: MinIO -> changing notes and flagging tar files (#4482)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/2.1.0/install/air-gapped-2.1/index.md

    - Download `kaptain-air-gapped-2.1.0.tar.gz` that will contain the required artifacts to perform an air-gapped installation.
    - (Optional) Download the custom image artifacts `kaptain-air-gapped-2.1.0_cpu.tar.gz` or `kaptain-air-gapped-2.1.0_gpu.tar.gz` based on whether you need CPU or GPU for your workloads.

> 1.  Unpack the bundle and the nested bundle within in a location where you can load and push the images to your private Docker registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Extract the bundle and the notices file and place the air gap images bundle in a location where you can load and push the images to your private Docker registry.
```

Reviewer: Double nested archives are probably not something our customers will understand. :-)

Author: Just so we are consistent with other places
```suggestion
1.  Extract the bundle and the NOTICES.txt and place the air gap images bundle in a location where you can load and push the images to your private Docker registry.
```

Reviewer: I am thinking that we should not directly refer to the notices.txt. Maybe? 

```suggestion
1.  Extract the image bundle archive and other files within a location where you can load and push the images to your private Docker registry.
```
